[Bulk] Broken Link fixes (#878)
MicrosoftDocs/biztalk-docs: biztalk/core/step-8-on-premises-configure-the-biztalk-server-application.md

      |**Issuer key**|Specify the issuer key.|

      > [!NOTE]

>       >  You can get the values for the Queue URL, ACS URL, issuer name and key from the Windows Azure CTP Management Portal.

Reviewer: "Windows Azure CTP Management Portal" is a really old name where CTP means "Community Technical Preview". The current name is "Microsoft Azure portal", or "Azure portal":

```suggestion
      >  You can get the values for the Queue URL, ACS URL, issuer name and key from the [Microsoft Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com).
```

>    8. Click **OK** until you exit all the dialog boxes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   8. Select **OK** until you exit all the dialog boxes.
```
